1317746023
AddDeviseToUsers	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/20111001232557_add_devise_to_users.rb	class AddDeviseToUsers 
AddDeviseToUsers	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111001233240_add_devise_to_users.rb	class AddDeviseToUsers 
AddIndexToUsers	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111003000553_add_index_to_users.rb	class AddIndexToUsers 
Application	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateDieselClearanceUsers	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111001220025_create_diesel_clearance_users.rb	class CreateDieselClearanceUsers 
CreateUsers	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111001221725_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
HomeController	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeControllerTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	class HomeControllerTest 
HomeHelper	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
HomeHelperTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/unit/helpers/home_helper_test.rb	class HomeHelperTest 
SearchController	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/search_controller.rb	class SearchController 
SearchControllerTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/functional/search_controller_test.rb	class SearchControllerTest 
SearchHelper	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/helpers/search_helper.rb	module SearchHelper
SearchHelperTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/unit/helpers/search_helper_test.rb	class SearchHelperTest 
TestCase	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
UpgradeClearanceToDiesel	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/20111001232036_upgrade_clearance_to_diesel.rb	class UpgradeClearanceToDiesel 
User	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserControllerTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/functional/user_controller_test.rb	class UserControllerTest 
UserHelperTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/unit/helpers/user_helper_test.rb	class UserHelperTest 
UserTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
WizardingRegistry	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/config/application.rb	module WizardingRegistry
about	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def about
change	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111001221725_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111003000553_add_index_to_users.rb	  def change
contact	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def contact
create	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/20111001232036_upgrade_clearance_to_diesel.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/20111001232557_add_devise_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111001220025_create_diesel_clearance_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111001233240_add_devise_to_users.rb	  def self.down
edit	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/search_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
show	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
to_param	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/models/user.rb	  def to_param
up	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/20111001232036_upgrade_clearance_to_diesel.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/20111001232557_add_devise_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111001220025_create_diesel_clearance_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/db/migrate/20111001233240_add_devise_to_users.rb	  def self.up
update	/Users/Justin/Documents/Work/Rails/wizarding_registry/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
